feat(sdk): Add support for Apple Privacy Manifest (#16445)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/using-the-uno-sdk.md

- `*.Android.cs`

As discussed above setting `EnableDefaultUnoItems` to false will disable these includes.

## Apple Privacy Manifest Support

> Apple is introducing a [Privacy Manifest file](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files) (named `PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy`) that needs to be included as of May 1st 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting May 1st, 2024, Apple will require the inclusion of a new file, the [Privacy Manifest file](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files) (named `PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy`), in app bundles. This file is crucial for complying with updated privacy regulations.
```

> The Uno.Sdk (5.2 or later) automatically includes the `Platforms/iOS/PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy` file in the app bundle. You can find an example of this file in the [Uno.Templates](https://aka.platform.uno/apple-privacy-manifest-sample) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects using the Uno.Sdk (version 5.2 or later), the `Platforms/iOS/PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy` file is automatically integrated within the app bundle. An example of this manifest file can be found in the [Uno.Templates](https://aka.platform.uno/apple-privacy-manifest-sample) repository.
```

> For more information on how to include privacy entries in this file, see the [Microsoft .NET documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/ios/privacy-manifest) on the subject, as well as [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to include privacy entries in this file, see the [Microsoft .NET documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui/ios/privacy-manifest) on the subject, as well as [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files).
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If your application is not using the Uno Platform 5.1 or earlier, you can include the file using the following:

Reviewer 2: Typo?

```suggestion
> If your application is using the Uno Platform 5.1 or earlier, you can include the file using the following:
```

Reviewer 2: I think we may need to re-word this for people who may be using newer versions of Uno but without using the Uno.Sdk?

Author: Indeed, I'll adjust.
